Add check for deprecated SweepTable in NWB files >= 2.4.0 (#657)
NeurodataWithoutBorders/nwbinspector: CHANGELOG.md

* Added `check_electrical_series_unscaled_data` to warn when ElectricalSeries has integer data type with default conversion (1.0) and offset (0.0), which suggests raw acquisition units are not properly scaled to Volts. Also considers `channel_conversion` for per-channel scaling. [#408](https://github.com/NeurodataWithoutBorders/nwbinspector/pull/408)
* Added `check_subject_weight` to ensure subject weight follows the form '[numeric] [unit]' (e.g., '2.3 kg' or '10 g'). [#647](https://github.com/NeurodataWithoutBorders/nwbinspector/pull/647)
* Added `check_image_series_starting_frame_without_external_file` to verify that `starting_frame` is not set when `external_file` is not used in an `ImageSeries`. [#235](https://github.com/NeurodataWithoutBorders/nwbinspector/issues/235)

> * Added `check_sweeptable_deprecated` to detect usage of the deprecated `SweepTable` in NWB files with schema version >= 2.4.0, which should use `IntracellularRecordingsTable` instead. [#190](https://github.com/dandi/helpdesk/discussions/190)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `check_sweeptable_deprecated` to detect usage of the deprecated `SweepTable` in NWB files with schema version >= 2.4.0, which should use `IntracellularRecordingsTable` instead. [#657](https://github.com/NeurodataWithoutBorders/nwbinspector/issues/657)
```
